
Week2:

#1 Started Thinking of ideas for the Team Project. We had a meeting in the library where we discussed among ourselves and with some of our friends from the other branch. Some of the ideas we discussed were   
  1.  A portal where e-waste (mostly used mobiles and computers) could be sold to the companies directly so that         they can be recycled and the person also gets a fair amount of money for the device. (the popularity of OLX m       made us doubt this idea) (my idea)
  2.  A portal supply books to schools and universities by buying them beforehand based on bulk orders as the bulk         can attract higher discounts (Ashok a member of my team gave this idea)
  3.  An Entertainment App like DubSmash where people can upload their picture and choose a song and a video of          them dancing to the same moves is generated and can be shared immediately on social media. (Sravya, a member       of the team gave this idea)
  4.  An application which can get notifications, messages, mails, tweets etc in one place. Once we login to all         the accounts in this app, it can save memory and speed up your device as now, one will not need to install         all of those apps. (i got this idea while discussing with sravya)
  5.  An application like "Share It" for Windows Phone (Suman a team member gave his idea)
  6.  The above thought made us to think about making a plugin which helps android apps to run in windows environme       nt. But, we got to know that Windows 10 has got this feature and will release soon for mobiles (Project            Astoria)
Ashok helped in finding the pros and cons for every idea.
After the tutorial, we understood that whatever ideas we discussed are not complex enough :( ,so started thinking about more complicated problems.

Week3:

#1 Had discussions with Sridhar sir and finalized the project idea.
#2 Tried to understand the problem and discussed with students from other universities about the feasibility of the project.

Week4:

#1 Had meetings and discussed about the user requirements, the common and variant features of the portals , (Suman talked to the concerned admin people to take some user input).. 
#2 Gained Confidence when Sridhar sir showed a similar application.

Week5:

#1 Designed User Requirement Specifications 
   (User Stories -> Sravya,
    Use Cases -> Sravya (Ashok, Suman-> (rough draft)),
    SRS -> Hasitha)
#2 Login and Signup draft pages , tried to enter the data into an xml file (Sravya, Hasitha) .

Week6:

#1 Made Elevator Pitch for the Team Project 
#2 ....
